README.md, before:

# Oliver Larsson's Dotfiles

<div align="center">

![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/larssonoliver/dotfiles?style=flat-square)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/larssonoliver/dotfiles?style=flat-square)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Linux-purple?style=flat-square)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-MacOS-blue?style=flat-square)

</div>

Welcome to my personal dotfiles repository! This collection includes 
configurations for various tools and applications to streamline and 
enhance my development environment.

## Installation
I typically clone this repository to `~/dev/dotfiles`. 
After that, I simply install files using:
```bash
./install
```

This repository utilizes [dotbot](https://github.com/anishathalye/dotbot) 🤖
for dotfile management.

## Repository Layout

The layout of this directory roughly maps to that of `$HOME`. Files in the root
of this repository will generally map to files in directly in the user's home 
directory. E.g. `gitconfig -> ~/.gitconfig`, and `config -> ~/.config`.

## Main Technologies

Here, I've listed some of the most important technologies in my everyday stack.

- [zsh](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh)
- [ohmyzsh](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh)
- [Starship](https://github.com/starship/starship)
- [Atuin](https://github.com/atuinsh/atuin)
- [tmux](https://github.com/tmux/tmux)
- [Alacritty](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty)
- [Neovim](https://github.com/neovim/neovim)

### Linux Specific

- [i3](https://github.com/i3/i3)
- [i3blocks](https://github.com/vivien/i3blocks)
- [picom](https://github.com/yshui/picom)
- [Dunst](https://github.com/dunst-project/dunst)

### MacOS Specific

- [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)
- [AeroSpace](https://github.com/nikitabobko/AeroSpace)

## Theming

A common theme that spans most of my setup is the [Nord](https://www.nordtheme.com/) theme.

In the terminal, I'm a [Source Code Pro](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Source+Code+Pro) font user.

## License

This repository is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more information.

---

Happy coding! 🎉

Commit message:

Switch license to The Unlicense

README.md, after:

# Oliver Larsson's Dotfiles

<div align="center">

![GitHub License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/larssonoliver/dotfiles?style=flat-square)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/larssonoliver/dotfiles?style=flat-square)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-Linux-purple?style=flat-square)
![Static Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/platform-MacOS-blue?style=flat-square)

</div>

Welcome to my personal dotfiles repository! This collection includes 
configurations for various tools and applications to streamline and 
enhance my development environment.

## Installation
I typically clone this repository to `~/dev/dotfiles`. 
After that, I simply install files using:
```bash
./install
```

This repository utilizes [dotbot](https://github.com/anishathalye/dotbot) 🤖
for dotfile management.

## Repository Layout

The layout of this directory roughly maps to that of `$HOME`. Files in the root
of this repository will generally map to files in directly in the user's home 
directory. E.g. `gitconfig -> ~/.gitconfig`, and `config -> ~/.config`.

## Main Technologies

Here, I've listed some of the most important technologies in my everyday stack.

- [zsh](https://github.com/zsh-users/zsh)
- [ohmyzsh](https://github.com/ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh)
- [Starship](https://github.com/starship/starship)
- [Atuin](https://github.com/atuinsh/atuin)
- [tmux](https://github.com/tmux/tmux)
- [Alacritty](https://github.com/alacritty/alacritty)
- [Neovim](https://github.com/neovim/neovim)

### Linux Specific

- [i3](https://github.com/i3/i3)
- [i3blocks](https://github.com/vivien/i3blocks)
- [picom](https://github.com/yshui/picom)
- [Dunst](https://github.com/dunst-project/dunst)

### MacOS Specific

- [Homebrew](https://brew.sh/)
- [AeroSpace](https://github.com/nikitabobko/AeroSpace)

## Theming

A common theme that spans most of my setup is the [Nord](https://www.nordtheme.com/) theme.

In the terminal, I'm a [Source Code Pro](https://fonts.google.com/specimen/Source+Code+Pro) font user.

## License

This repository is licensed under the ***Unlicense*** license. Do whatever you want. 🤷 See the LICENSE file for more information.

---

Happy coding! 🎉
